hi everyone this is stephanie manley
with copykat.com i'm gonna show you how
to make some wonderful broccoli salad
we're using fresh broccoli right here
bought it at the grocery store we are
going to make a wonderful sweet dressing
we have a cup of mayonnaise we're gonna
add about a quarter cup of sugar a
couple tablespoons of white vinegar
we're also going to add about a teaspoon
or so of salt and some fresh black
cracked pepper we're gonna stir this
together this is the dressing base for
this and we also have a wide variety of
other goodies so we're gonna stick it in
here I have some sliced from roma
tomatoes I have some red onions I have
about eight pieces of crispy bacon about
1/2 cup of sliced almonds and I have
some shredded sharp cheddar cheese and
there's also some raisins if you'd like
to add in raisins you can do that so
we're gonna begin by chopping up the
broccoli we're gonna chop this into
small pieces and put it in our dressing
all right so I'm gonna begin by cutting
this from the back so I can get all
those florets to just kind of break off
now part of this really isn't used in
the salad but you could save it to make
some cream of broccoli soup or you could
use it to to make some stock so we're
just gonna try to break these off into
smaller pieces and put them in our Bowl
you want tiny little pieces of broccoli
you don't anybody have to use a knife
and a fork for this so the piece is
large go ahead and give it a quick chop
all right so we have our broccoli it's
in here I used one a good-sized head of
broccoli and I'm going to go ahead and
add in my red onions I have about 1/2 of
a large red onion in here I'm gonna go
ahead and add in my bacon you could use
bacon bits if you like I just happen to
like real bacon a little bit better so I
have that in here I'm also going to put
in some almonds if you have cashews you
can use cashews those it'd be really
good and I'm going to add in some fresh
diced tomatoes cherry tomatoes also work
really really well right in the last
ingredient we're gonna add is our sharp
cheddar cheese and you could just chop
this up in small chunks if you like I'm
just going to grate this because it's a
very handy to have grated cheese on hand
and there you go you have a wonderful
easy side dish to make so if you enjoy a
salad recipes please give me a big
thumbs up here on YouTube and be sure to
subscribe to this channel so you don't
miss our next recipe thanks for watching